Added FAQ about PageSpeed insights bad score and our player (#12009)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/stream/faq/index.md

Content-Security-Policy: connect-src 'self' *.videodelivery.net *.cloudflarestream.com
```

To ensure **only** videos from **your** Cloudflare Stream account can be played on your website, replace `*` in `*.cloudflarestream.com` and `*.videodelivery.net` in the examples above with `customer-<CODE>`, replacing `<CODE>` with your unique customer code, which can be found in the Stream Dashboard [here](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/stream). This code is unique to your Cloudflare Account.

### Why is PageSpeed Insights giving a bad score when using the stream player?

> If your website loads in a lot of player instances, PageSpeed Insights will penalise the JavaScript load for each player instance.  Our testing shows that when actually loading the page the script itself is only downloaded once with the local browser cache retrieving the script for the other player objects on the same page.  Therefore we believe that the PageSpeed Insights score is not matching real-world behavior in this situation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your website loads in a lot of player instances, PageSpeed Insights will penalize the JavaScript load for each player instance. Our testing shows that when actually loading the page, the script itself is only downloaded once with the local browser cache retrieving the script for the other player objects on the same page. Therefore, we believe that the PageSpeed Insights score is not matching real-world behavior in this situation.
```

> If you are using thumbnails, you can use [animated thumbnails](https://developers.cloudflare.com/stream/viewing-videos/displaying-thumbnails/#animated-gif-thumbnails) that then link to the video pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using thumbnails, you can use [animated thumbnails](/stream/viewing-videos/displaying-thumbnails/#animated-gif-thumbnails) that link to the video pages.
```

> If there are mulitple players on the same page, you can lazy load any players taht are not visible in the initial viewport.  More information about lazy loading can be found here: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/iframe#lazy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If multiple players are on the same page, you can lazy load any players that are not visible in the initial viewport.  For more information about lazy loading, refer to [Mozilla's lazy loading documentation](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/iframe#lazy).
```
